=head1 NAME

NomNom - The graphical media download tool

=head1 DESCRIPTION

NomNom is an application for downloading media from Youtube and other similar
media websites that require flash to view the media content. Media streaming
or downloading can be started by dropping an URL onto the application window.

=head2 Project name

The name of the application refers to the sound effect that is made when
eating something tasty or nutritious.

=head1 GETTING STARTED

=head2 Right-click opens the context-menu

Most the application features can be accessed via this menu.

=head2 Check the settings (Ctrl+E)

NomNom will attempt to detect the available commands when you run it the
first time. Going over the settings before use is recommended. The
dialog will not close (by clicking OK) unless you have entered
everything needed.

=head2 Check that NomNom is set to do what you expect

Make a note of the combobox widget on the main window. You may choose to
either C<Download> or C<Stream> from the widget.

=head2 Drop media page URLs to main window

You could, for example, have a web browser open from which you then drag
the URLs onto the main window of NomNom. Alternatively, open the
right-click context-menu and choose C<Address...>.

You may also consider making sure that NomNom stays on top of other
windows if you are working on a small screen. There is an option for
this in the application settings.

=head2 NomNom defaults to resume interrupted transfers

See also the L</KNOWN ISSUES> for more about this. You can also choose
to overwrite any existing media files if you'd prefer this.

=head2 You can grab media page URLs from YouTube feeds

Choose C<Feed...> from the context-menu or hit the key-shortcut (Ctrl+F)
to open the dialog.

=head1 COMMAND LINE

NomNom supports the following command line options.

=head2 --config-path

Prints the path to the local user config file and exits.

=head2 --locale

Prints the system locale (as returned by Qt) and exits.

=head2 --detect

Prints the detected commands and exits.

=head2 --verbose

Turns on verbose output. Please make a note that NomNom must be
configured and built with the C<--enable-verbose> switch for this to be
available in the application.

=head2 --help

Prints the help and exits.

=head2 --version

Prints the version and exits.

=head1 GLOSSARY

=head2 Media page URL

NomNom feasts on media page URLs. You can drop these URLs to the
main window to start the process of downloading (or streaming).

These URLs are known to go around also as C<video page URLs>.

=head3 Example

http://vimeo.com/1485507

=head2 Media stream URL

Not to be confused with L</Media page URL>. The media I<stream> URL is
the URL to the media resource that is returned by the C<quvi(1)>
command and then used by NomNom to either download or stream from it.

=head2 YouTube feeds

NomNom can read, with the help of C<umph(1)> command, and grab media
URLs from YouTube feeds. These feeds may be I<playlists>, user
I<favorites> and user I<uploads>.

You can open the user-interface by selecting it from the right-click
context-menu (C<Feed...>) or by hitting the key-shortcut (Ctrl+F).

=head2 YouTube format strings

The YouTube C<fmtNN> string IDs are documented at:
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YouTube#Quality_and_codecs

=head1 KNOWN ISSUES

=head2 Resuming partially transferred files may fail

Some websites are known to refuse to work with the HTTP requests to
resume a file transfer.

=head3 Workaround

Either check "Always overwrite existing media files" in the settings
or remove the existing file manually.

=head2 HTTP user-agent

Some websites refuse to play nice with renegade user-agent strings.

=head3 Recommendations

Make sure both C<quvi(1)> and C<curl(1)> use the same user-agent string.
Note that C<quvi(1)> uses "Mozilla/5.0" by default.

=head2 HTTP proxy

Generally OK, although some proxies may have been configured to
C<cook up> the HTTP headers before they are sent back to the server.
This may sometimes lead to issues with the servers.

=head3 Recommendations

If you use an HTTP proxy, make sure you have configured all of the commands
that NomNom uses (e.g. C<quvi(1)>, C<curl(1)>, etc.) to use the same proxy.

=head1 TIPS

=head2 Use configuration files

Although it is possible to configure custom commands for NomNom to use
(via C<settings> and C<commands>), another way is to add/edit the appropriate
configuration files for these commands.

=head3 Examples

 ~/.quvirc ;# refer to the quvi(1) documentation
 ~/.umphrc ;# refer to the umph(1) documentation
 ~/.curlrc ;# refer to the curl(1) documentation

Same goes for whatever media player you choose to use with NomNom.

=head1 FILES

=head2 Configuration file

The location of this file may vary and depends on how Qt was configured.
You can use the C<--config-path> program option to print it. See also
L</COMMAND LINE>.

=head1 LICENSE

NomNom is free software, licensed under the GPLv3+.

=head1 WWW

 Home  : <http://nomnom.sourceforge.net/>
 gitweb: <http://repo.or.cz/w/nomnom.git>

=head1 AUTHOR

Toni Gundogdu E<lt>legatvs at sign gmail comE<gt>

Thanks to all those who have contributed to the project by sending
patches, reporting bugs and writing feedback. You know who you are.
